All right, let's head to space this
hour. Why not? Uh, and talk a little bit
more about China's space ambitions.
Right now, you take a look at these
images. Right, this is from last
October's Shenjo launch of the Shenzh
21, sending Chinese astronauts to the
Tiangong space station. Now, China's
space sector has been notching up plenty
of firsts over the past few years. You
take a look at the last just maybe four,
five or six years here. You, of course,
you had 2021, the rover landing on Mars.
You had the completion of the Tangong
space station back in 2022 and then 2024
was the landing on the far side of the
moon which was quite a highlight as
well. And just last year launched that
mission to collect samples from an
asteroid. So what's next? What's the
next milestone? We have a lunar probe
this year and the T13 mission in 2028
which aims to return to Mars and in 2030
a crude landing on the moon. Meanwhile,
private companies are increasingly
expanding their footprint in national
space programs supported by rising
demand for launches and related
services. You're talking about
commercial satellite launches soared
sevenfold during the time of 2019 and
2023. [snorts] And where you're seeing a
lot of this is China, India, Japan have
really started to ease their investment
barriers there. So, and what are the
emerging players to watch out for as
well? I talk about India, South Korea
are also scaling up and also in the
race. Dave,
>> amazing. Amazing. Yeah. Uh let's get
more now from Singapore's first space
summit and really what's going on in the
industry. Ail Hong is there with her
next guest. April.
>> Yeah, guys. I mean, this is really an
industry that is in its early stages. We
want to talk to the key players as this
is getting going. Peter Wong joins me
now. He's general manager of
international business development at
Galaxy Space. Great to have you with us,
Peter. Thanks so much for taking the
time. Pleasure.
>> My colleagues have just been talking
through some of the milestones for China
space development. You're involved in
some of these mega constellation
projects. Talk to us about the role
galaxy space is playing in all this.
>> Okay, so we Galaxy Space, we are Chinese
commercial company. We are into
satellites. So we have some key
technologies. satellites communication,
satellites remote sensing. So we deliver
some products. We also deliver
satellites. So far we have launched to
the space for more than 40 satellites
and we are going to launching more in
the space. You know, China is actually
going very fast for constellations that
you mentioned. There are several mega
constellations coming up and it's great
that we are in this track and we are
making efforts to make our products
innovative, cost efficiency so that we
can actually also having more contract
orders in the short term and long term.
We want to kind of also make more
innovative products for different let's
say clients either domestically or
globally. That's kind of what the things
we are doing right now.
>> Domestically, what are you seeing in
terms of the tailwinds from the sort of
government policy support and the
ecosystem for the space industry in
China? Yeah, right now I think the
policy side are really having good
environment creating a good environment
for private companies especially
commercial companies like ourselves
because space industry is the industry
that needs kind of the uh top policy
structure and which in China the Chinese
policy is also encourage the private
sector to develop more to involve more
in the commercial business of space and
we are one of the company who actually
doing great And you know in China there
is a central government level there is
provincing level. I think each level of
the administration are doing great uh to
creating a good regulation uh structure
for us. Uh so companies like our
ourselves are really also enjoying this
kind of overall macro environment to
develop to focus on industries.
>> So I wonder what the potential headwinds
you foresee for the company might be in
terms of you getting all these
satellites up there right? How are you
getting your kit into space? How are you
launching all this? Yeah. So for us
right now we manufacture the satellites.
we we we then we source for the
launchers uh to launch uh to the space
and we consider different options uh
depends on different uh let's say uh
rocket uh providers quotation or let's
the offers right but I think the the
biggest challenge right now in the
industry is also regarding to
international coordination because for
each spacecraft launch into the space
you need kind of a spectrum you need a
coordination among different players
That's where I think we are expecting
for more collaboration with different
players either from the sector or from
the government sector. We need more
collaboration with operators or the
players from all over the world.
>> You talk about global players. This is a
space pun where US European leaders they
have been leading in terms of the early
deployment of satellites. What is
China's and your company's edge in this?
Mhm. I think for our company uh we
started from 2018 uh as a private
company. So when we started we evaluated
where we can do the best. Then we found
out that it's it's the key technology we
should work on. So we started working on
some of the key technologies in this
industry. For example, the satellite
communication technologies. So we have
actually achieved a very well technology
breakthroughs in satellites broadband
communication in satellite direct to
sale technologies and also massive solar
panel systems. That's the energy part
for the satellites. So we make those
technologies material enough for
deployment and then one of the strengths
of our company is we try to also made it
uh cost effective. So we built our
in-house facilities flexible uh smart
factory to produce satellites. In that
way we reduce the cost without compro
compromising any performances so that we
can actually meet the demand and develop
the satellites in the long term so that
when we do it we do it in a commercial
way we do it in a sustainable way that's
what we are looking at. So could you
give us bold part figure on compared to
what else is in the market how much
cheaper are you able to make things?
>> Yeah, I think just uh use one example.
Uh there is a critical uh component of
satellite called antenna. The antenna
for communication when we started in the
market uh such kind of antenna uh has a
weight more than 7 kgs 7 kilos. So with
our innovation and our optimization of
design of such kind of antennas, we
success successfully reduced the weight
of the antenna half of the original
weight or original mass. So which is a
very big cost saving because as we know
that when we launch the everything from
ground to the space it needs a very you
know heavy charges on the launching
services. So once we reduce the antennas
to not even to up uh half of the
original weight, we are actually
reducing the cost of 50%.
Through this angle only and there is
also another tech technical innovations
which further reduce the cost while
actually improve the performance of
those antennas to improve the throughput
of the satellite which again is a cost
saving against the original satellite
communication. That's how we may make
the centralized communication services
more affordable than the original
players or the traditional way.
>> That's a significant number in terms of
cost savings. This is coming at a time
where it's not just crucial in terms of
governments backing the sector and
perhaps giving the contracts but the
private sector to your point earlier
about commercialization and I know that
recently you guys had a contract with
Thailand telco true how important is
that part of the business for you and
what are the key markets in Asia that
you're exploring?
>> Yeah, right now as a commercial company
we are still exploring the global
market. Let's say we just get started
and uh uh we but but we have some unique
offers. Uh we have a constellation trial
network where we have some satellites in
the space using those satellites we can
actually conduct lots of validations of
technology also the applications of the
satellites internet. So with our
collaboration in Thailand and other
countries which are coming up, we are
able to actually collaborate with the
local players either it's the telecom
player or it's the space players. We can
actually collaborate to validate to
validate the technology and to actually
apply our satellite internet in the
local industry to looking for the you
know the the the needs or the demands
the real world use cases because in the
end we need the use cases to be you know
commercialized so that the use cases
will use the satellite services. That's
how the space industry gets get its own
commercial closed loop. We have to find
the real demand, the real needs and we
also have to understand the pain points
of those end users. So so that that's
why we need to go to different countries
to establish collaboration to to get the
right demands of the industry.
>> So what are the priority markets for you
aside from Thailand? Yeah, I think for
us uh we are open to all global markets
each every single market that's kind of
our interest but for now uh based on our
evaluation of let's say uh economics
population uh the gap of connectivity uh
we are more looking at Southeast Asia uh
Middle East uh Africa and Latin America
uh those are the regions where the
economy is actually going up while there
is still you know some connectivity gap
app or there are some kind of high value
needed for satellite connectivity.
That's where the major markets we are
making efforts on.
>> At the same time, you'll have to make
sure that the satellite and the
terrestrial networks are integrated,
right? To your point about me doing a
bit more research in the market and with
working with the Telos. So, how is that
going to play out? How are you making
sure that there is that integration as
we look from 5G to 6G?
>> Yeah. Okay. That's that's really one of
the critical issues or one of the
biggest potential of our satellite
industry. I think the most
commercialized industry in space
industry is actually communication. When
we moving forward, you know, we want to
create a network a connectivity services
that is ubiquitous that is everywhere
around the corner of the world. But this
requires the integration of the space
communication network with the
terrestrial network. This integration
actually needs more collaboration. The
centralized industry needs to work you
know closely with the telecom industry
especially the telecom operators because
as I mentioned earlier the frequency
allocation the spectrum is one of the
important things in this industry. We
have to make sure in the first step that
the space communication network does not
interfere with the terrestrial network.
We have to co-share the frequencies. But
in the long run with the integration of
the space industry a space-based
communication network with the
terrestrial network then every each and
every one of us on the ground we
enjoying the network the smooth uh
services around the corner of the world
without getting any break. That's kind
of the ultimate goal we are looking at
with let's say 5G or we call so-called
6G uh satellites communication network
is going to be part of the uh
communication system infrastructure.
Okay, D, one last question before we let
you go. When it comes to space, the
final frontier, we're always looking out
for the next big thing. We know how this
week, as soon as we could see another
NASA project, Arteimus 2 getting to
around the moon, not to the moon, around
the moon,
>> you're excited about Luna exploration as
well.
>> Yeah.
>> What is China's role in all this that
you see? I think the Luna exploration is
actually a very big trend and either
from China side or from UA side or from
other country side. I think most of the
industry players and most of ordinary
people like you and me are all excited
for the moon exploration. Going to the
moon I think is is going to be a dream
come true for many people not just in
China but also in other developing
countries. So speaking from the China
side, I think uh uh our country or the
all the industry players are making very
big progress. uh we are also did a lot
for the deep luna you know exploration
and myself as a fan of this industry I'm
looking forward that we will also have
uh some another milestones uh you know
getting to the moon orbit around the
moon First,